README.md, before:

# 📈 Moonlight Solar Energy Analysis 📉

This project focuses on analyzing a large financial news dataset to understand how news sentiment influences stock price movements. The analysis is aligned with the business objective of enhancing predictive analytics and improving financial forecasting accuracy at Nova Financial Solutions.

## 🔍 1. Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)

I conducted a high-level examination of the financial news dataset, including basic descriptive statistics, publisher activity, headline characteristics, and publication trends over time. Performed keyword analysis and topic exploration to understand dominant themes and overall news patterns.

---

## ⚙️ Reproduce this environment

To set up and reproduce this project locally, follow the steps below:

## 1. Clone the repository
```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Elbethel-dan/solar-challenge-week0.git
```
## 2. Create and activate a virtual environment (recommended)

   **For macOS / Linux**
   ```bash
     python3 -m venv week0
     source week0/bin/activate
   ```

   **For Windows**
   ```bash
     python -m venv week0
     week0\Scripts\activate
   ```
## 3. Install dependencies
  ```bash
     pip install -r requirements.txt
 ```

Commit message:

Expand README with analysis sections
Added sections on Technical Indicator Analysis and News Sentiment Analysis to the README.

README.md, after:

# 📈 Moonlight Solar Energy Analysis 📉

This project focuses on analyzing a large financial news dataset to understand how news sentiment influences stock price movements. The analysis is aligned with the business objective of enhancing predictive analytics and improving financial forecasting accuracy at Nova Financial Solutions.

## 🔍 1. Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)

I conducted a high-level examination of the financial news dataset, including basic descriptive statistics, publisher activity, headline characteristics, and publication trends over time. Performed keyword analysis and topic exploration to understand dominant themes and overall news patterns.

# 📈 2. Technical Indicator Analysis (TA-Lib & PyNance)

Loaded and prepared stock price data, applied key technical indicators (e.g., moving averages, RSI, MACD) using TA-Lib and PyNance, and visualized market trends to understand general stock behavior and price movements.

# 📰 3. News Sentiment Analysis

Computed sentiment scores for news headlines, aligned sentiment with stock price data, calculated daily returns, and performed correlation analysis to determine the relationship between news sentiment and stock performance.

---

## ⚙️ Reproduce this environment

To set up and reproduce this project locally, follow the steps below:

## 1. Clone the repository
```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Elbethel-dan/solar-challenge-week0.git
```
## 2. Create and activate a virtual environment (recommended)

   **For macOS / Linux**
   ```bash
     python3 -m venv week0
     source week0/bin/activate
   ```

   **For Windows**
   ```bash
     python -m venv week0
     week0\Scripts\activate
   ```
## 3. Install dependencies
  ```bash
     pip install -r requirements.txt
 ```
